docs: document only CLI flows (#2319)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/installing-the-chectl-management-tool.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
:navtitle: Installing the chectl management tool
:keywords: overview, using-the-chectl-management-tool
:page-aliases: installation-guide:using-the-chectl-management-tool, overview:using-the-chectl-management-tool, using-the-chectl-management-tool

:parent-context-of-using-the-chectl-management-tool: {context}

[id="installing-the-{prod-cli}-management-tool_{context}"]
= Install the {prod-cli} management tool

:context: using-the-{prod-cli}-management-tool

> `{prod-cli}` is the {prod} command-line management tool. It is used for operations on the {prod-short} server (start, stop, update, delete).

Reviewer: Provide an abstract for this topic, such as:
```suggestion
"You can install `{prod-cli}`, the {prod} command-line management tool, on Microsoft Windows, Apple MacOS, and Linux. With `{prod-cli}`, you can perform operations the {prod-short} server such as starting, stopping, updating, and deleting the server.
```
